Add team member update - Jillian (#5)
Code-the-Dream-School/ee-prac-team2-front: README.md

# Team Members

> Jillian (@catbus00) is a Code the Dream student studying React.

Reviewer: sorry I gave you a bad suggestion last time, turns out that `@` tag doesn't parse inside the markdown file like it would in the github page itself

```suggestion
* **Jillian** \([@catbus00](https://github.com/catbus00)\) is a student studying React, but showing Backend Team some support!```

> Jillian (@catbus00) is a Code the Dream student studying React.

Reviewer: sorry I gave you a bad suggestion last time, turns out that `@` tag doesn't parse inside the markdown file like it would in the github page itself

( I also added a bullet list so we can render the rest of the teammates here too)

```suggestion
* **Jillian** \([@catbus00](https://github.com/catbus00)\) is a student studying React, but showing Backend Team some support!
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

> ## Team Members 

Reviewer: Also please change to H1 and move this up to the top of the document! 🤩 
```suggestion
# Team Members 
```

> Jillian is a Code the Dream student studying React. 

Reviewer: Very nice, and very fast! How about we add a link to your individual gh profile too? I thiiiink just tagging your username will add a link in the markdown?

```suggestion
Jillian (@catbus00) is a Code the Dream student studying React. 
```
